## Alcohol

  - "Alcohol" ran out, why didn't we spend more money on beer
  - Bar staff a waste of money
  - Provision of alternative beverages, including provision of water for those
  - Provision of alcohol without paying as part of a legal loophole, would definitely
    be a gray area given we are charging tickets.

## Code of Conduct

  - Provide people a way to let others know they are uncomfortable about something
    that has been said.
  - Provide an IRL version of digital outline of the WeAllJS resolution process.
  - Code of Conduct reminder notes (back of toilet doors).
  - "Everyone has the right to feel like they belong here."
  - De-dramatize the process for providing feedback so it feels ok to prompt someone
    to apologise.
  - We should ensure that people feel like it's a good event to attend and they feel
    like they feel they have to belong.

## Feedback

  - Send out an email directing to people to a feedback form.
    - "Everyone has the right to feel like they belong here."

  - Remind them we have a presence on WeAllJS.

## Next Event

  - CampJS weekend after the next CSS/JS Conf weekend?

## Speakers and Diversity

  - Reach out to ALL meetups and community groups, to ensure we get the best possible
    group of speakers including a diverse set of speakers from all backgrounds.
  - Refocus from diversity to inclusivity.
  - Make sure our intentions around promoting inclusivity are on display.
  - We want to invite you to come and enjoy CampJS.  We'd also love to give you the
    the opportunity to speak if you'd be interest.

## Organisational Structure

  - Consider a path forward for organisation

    1. Simple non-profit setup (similar to CSSConf)
    2. Work under the umbrella of JS Australia (PTY LTD - need to find more information on this)
    3. Possibly applying to sit under linux.au - understanding what that process involves.
    4. Creating a separate a company limited by guarantee which is an effective structure under
       which non-profits can and do operate under (i.e. Endevour Foundation).

## Day Tickets

  - Buses from the local city to the event for a particular day.
